Docs: enhance doc for Solaris icons (#2075)
Orange-OpenSource/Orange-Boosted-Bootstrap: site/content/docs/5.3/utilities/colors.md

{{< /design-callout-alert >}}

Colorize text with color utilities. If you want to colorize links, you can use the [`.link-*` helper classes]({{< docsref "/helpers/colored-links" >}}) which have `:hover` and `:focus` states.

> If you want to colorize icons, see [icons documentation]({{< docsref "extend/icons#modify-icons-color" >}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To colorize icons, please refer to our [icon color documentation]({{< docsref "extend/icons#modify-icons-color" >}}).
```

When the interface allows to switch between light and dark backgrounds, the light mode stricter restrictions must be applied!
{{< /callout >}}

> Go to [icons documentation]({{< docsref "extend/icons#modify-icons-color" >}}) to see how to use text utilities with icons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please refer to our [icon color documentation]({{< docsref "extend/icons#modify-icons-color" >}}) to see how to use these text utilities with icons.
```
